A timeless era, but filled with tears!
So shall it be, so shall it remain and yet here we are!

Once upon a nighttime mid mind query, I tossed and fussed over shoulders to veer and steer me!

In an era of VW buses in chemistry with Timothy Leary, a people’s park offers campsite trenches, dug deep of bugs and beetle juiced melodies!

Transmission sounds a red white n’ blue banner called Charlie, waves protesting with percussion from a primitive vocal beat, purple haze came on stage, dropping a bomb heating the evening!

Clickedy Lickety-Split, clocks ticking, glocks clacking, now clicking still warning all Charlies!

Watchtower signals blew skyline choppers to shredded bits, agent orange and grenades arriving daily!

Turbulent voices pitch injustices of war torn hymns, sung sad blue sadly; battle cries tear and tore right through me!

Fabrics of division collide with unity, an era of separation dug roots leaving seeds now sang once upon a ‘hey Joe leave the gun don’t fear me!

Uncle SAM ushered in black and white southern style hospitality, waging war until identities got born again before the morning dew even knew me!

Emotions run from tear gas front line school box bullies, sprayers heat telegraph avenue double over time intensely, open range for students studying at UC Berkeley, chanting louder, outside squares circling in proudly!

Tune time bare feet class action law suits, boots voicing indifference branching trees, leaves fall off now jump, push and cheering while Uncle Sam wasn’t the only one doing the screwing!

General rebels march with long hair boldly, speaking of love from horizon blends of 256 shell casings ranging from grey to groovy!

Generations always wanting change, yet caught between a stance and a squad car status quo just please hear me!

When I nod, I noddle half past sleep through a scoop of bed time wearies, a day in the bush offers more friction than weight is willing to support and carry me!

A heavy burden to bear knowing consequences of each dust to ash garden generation variety!

Yet a warrior of honor never abandons his own true to truly!
